refactor config file finding (#8358)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/reference/customize.rst

.. code-block:: ini

    # tox.ini

>     [tool:pytest]

Reviewer: This doesn't seem right, AFAIK for `tox.ini` files we use the `[pytest]` section.

setup.cfg
~~~~~~~~~

> ``setup.cfg`` file usage for pytest has been deprecated, its recommended to use ``tox.ini`` or ``pyproject.toml``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``setup.cfg`` file usage for pytest is supported but is not recommended for new projects. Instead, use ``tox.ini`` or ``pyproject.toml`` files.
```

It is not really deprecated in the sense that we will remove it in the future.
